README.md, before:

# ThoughtNet

This is the start of a horizontally scalable AI that can be taught anything and fed any data, shares knowledge on everything, does not need confusing hyperparameters.

Almost forgot, it is built to run in the browser, so the worlds most powerful AI cluster could one day come online with a few million clicks of a link.

# Todo list

* [x] Create algorithm that supports this model
* [x] Test algorithm on some traditional supervised learning datasets
* [x] Visualize algorithm in browser
* [ ] Build UI for choosing, adding, sharing sources and targets
* [ ] Find creative ways to demonstrate flexibility of algorithm
* [ ] Design and implement p2p model
* [ ] Devise many lesson plans for it and teach it cool things
* [ ] Optimize for efficiency and maybe implement GPU version

# Contributing

1. Make an issue to talk about what you would like to work on (if one doesn't exist).
2. Get buy in and suggestions.
3. Make a pull request and reference the issue.
4. Iterate on feedback.
5. Sign contributor license agreement.
6. Get code merged
7. Get added to contributor list, a pat on the back, high fives, and possibly hugs.
 
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

Commit message:

Add example to github pages

README.md, after:

# ThoughtNet

This is the start of a horizontally scalable AI that can be taught anything and fed any data, shares knowledge on everything, does not need confusing hyperparameters.

Almost forgot, it is built to run in the browser, so the worlds most powerful AI cluster could one day come online with a few million clicks of a link.

[Here](https://brysgo.github.io/thoughtnet) is the running example, isn't quite ready for prime time yet but.

# Todo list

* [x] Create algorithm that supports this model
* [x] Test algorithm on some traditional supervised learning datasets
* [x] Visualize algorithm in browser
* [ ] Build UI for choosing, adding, sharing sources and targets
* [ ] Find creative ways to demonstrate flexibility of algorithm
* [ ] Design and implement p2p model
* [ ] Devise many lesson plans for it and teach it cool things
* [ ] Optimize for efficiency and maybe implement GPU version

# Contributing

1. Make an issue to talk about what you would like to work on (if one doesn't exist).
2. Get buy in and suggestions.
3. Make a pull request and reference the issue.
4. Iterate on feedback.
5. Sign contributor license agreement.
6. Get code merged
7. Get added to contributor list, a pat on the back, high fives, and possibly hugs.
 
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).
